Add notes for Event Correction API (#13)
TogaiHQ/togai-mintlify-docs: api-reference/event-management/undo-ingested-events.mdx

---
openapi: delete /events
---

## Query Parameters: Allowed filter combinations

> <Warning>Every single event matching the filters will be deleted</Warning>

Reviewer: All matching events will be considered for deletion

> <Info>Maximum events deleted per request is limited to 5. This behaviour will change in Event Correction API v2</Info>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Info>Maximum of 5 events will be deleted per request. This behavior might change in future</Info>
```

<AccordionGroup>
<Accordion title="Parameters">
`account_id` : Unique identifier of the account corresponding to the event

`id` : Unique identifier of an event generated by Togai for reference

`event_id`: Identifier of an event provided by the user

`event_source_time`: Timestamp of an event provided by the user

> `created_at` : Timestamp corresponding to the event ingestion time

Reviewer: Add these as <ResponseField>s

https://mintlify.com/docs/api-playground/components/api/response

</Accordion>
</AccordionGroup>

<AccordionGroup>
<Accordion title="Allowed Combinations">
`account_id`

`account_id`, `id`

`account_id`, `event_id`

`account_id`, `event_source_time`

`account_id`, `event_id`, `created_at`

`account_id`, `event_id`, `event_source_time`

> </Accordion>

Reviewer: Fine for now. We need to come up with a better way to represent this info

Author: Ok
